date: November 17, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [aakanksh, alectuoh, alschmid, bclee, jrh7, vluo, yosephha]
absent: [apillai, btgreen2]
excused_absences: [dnhickso]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: aakanksh, progress: Issue with getMap(), still working on API},
  {ubit: alectuoh, progress: Login php finished, able to verify email address format},
  {ubit: alschmid, progress: Sync tasks ok},
  {ubit: apillai, progress: Absent - working hashing, logout},
  {ubit: bclee, progress: API stuff, issue rendering map on test phones},
  {ubit: btgreen2, progress: Absent, working on settings},
  {ubit: dnhickso, progress: Absent, working on categories},
  {ubit: jrh7, progress: Email Verification up and running, maybe polish it a bit?},
  {ubit: vluo, progress: Receiving login response in progress, need to test, working with ash},
  {ubit: yosephha, progress: Task syncing ok}
  ]
issues: []
Notes:  |
Ruhan pleased with current progress, requests everyone finish with tasks before Saturday in case of issues.  

