date: August 31, 2016, September 5, 2016, September 6, 2016
meeting_type: TA
attendance: [alectuoh, alschmid, apillai, btgreen2, dnhickso, jrh7, vluo, yosephha]
absent: [bclee]
excused_absences: [aakanksh]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: aakanksh, progress: None.},
  {ubit: alectuoh, progress: None.},
  {ubit: alschmid, progress: None.},
  {ubit: apillai, progress: None.},
  {ubit: bclee, progress: None.},
  {ubit: btgreen2, progress: None.},
  {ubit: dnhickso, progress: None.},
  {ubit: jrh7, progress: None.},
  {ubit: vluo, progress: None.},Per
  {ubit: yosephha, progress: None.}
  ]
issues: []
Notes:  |
  General organizational type meeting.  Team A and Team B briefly discussed general responsibilities respectively and 
  it was decided that we needed to research possible tasks and start thinking about how we will divide the responsibilities
  amongst each member of the team.  Server side needs to determine type of server and host, framework, database, etc...
  Front-end will refine the list of needed methods and related topics.

  