date: October 3, 2016
meeting_type: Instructor
attendance: [aakanksh, alectuoh, alschmid, apillai, bclee, btgreen2, dnhickso, jrh7, vluo, yosephha]
absent: []
excused_absences: []
task_progress: [
  {ubit: aakanksh, progress: Skeleton code pushed, working on features},
  {ubit: alectuoh, progress: Researching php for DB communication},
  {ubit: alschmid, progress: Researching MySQL for DB creation and queries},
  {ubit: apillai, progress: Researching JSON parsing and communication to server},
  {ubit: bclee, progress: Working with Aakanksha on general code},
  {ubit: btgreen2, progress: Researching JSON parsing and web comm to php},
  {ubit: dnhickso, progress: Working on google maps api implementation - almost complete},
  {ubit: jrh7, progress: Researching servers - 000webhost vs jarvis, prepping for mysql DB creation},
  {ubit: vluo, progress: Working with Dominique - google maps api - almost complete},
  {ubit: yosephha, progress: Working on skeleton code with Aakanksha, local DB (sqlite) for local data storage}
  ]
issues: [Ash - JSON parsing seems to be more difficult than originally expected.]
Notes:  |
  General orientation to instructor meetings, goal is to identify anything outside of the groups control that may be holding us back.  We have no obligation to follow any advice or suggestions from the course staff.  Grading discussed - based on task progress and completion.  The issues field in the minutes should be used to note any unexpected issues that may affect task progress.  Suggestions - possibly have a webapp for online access to account and tasks.
